Link autocomplete READMEs and add info on support (#525)
alphagov/accessible-autocomplete: README.md

# Accessible autocomplete

> The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose countries and territories in answers.

Author: @edwardhorsford Would this be a better description for the country-and-territory autocomplete? Am concerned using the same description in both READMEs risks confusing users.

Reviewer: lol no - this is explicitly not the component to use for picking countries and territories 😆

> The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose countries and territories in answers.

Author: ```suggestion
The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose answers from a list we provide.
```

Reviewer: Suggest `answers from a list you provide`

> The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose answers from a list we provide. You can also use it to standardise user input.

Author: Do we need to give an example of how it helps standardise input, or is that something our users will understand?

> The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose answers from a list we provide. You can also use it to standardise user input.

Author: ```suggestion
The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose answers from a list you provide. You can also use it to standardise user input.
```

> The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose answers from a list you provide. You can also use it to standardise user input.

Author: @36degrees Do we need to give an example of how it helps standardise input, or is that something our users will understand?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it's clear what we mean by 'standardise user input'. I guess the way the autocomplete does this is to provide _suggestions_ which hopefully users would pick if they matched, but ultimately allow the user to type whatever they want, which is what makes it different from the use case in the first sentence?

Author: Should we add something like this?

> For example, when the user of a health service types ‘chest’ - they might see an option that fits their need, but using another term. Similarly, you can use synonyms. For example, to display ‘heart pain’ when the user types ‘chest’.

cc @calvin-lau-sig7

Reviewer 3: How about saying 'make answers more consistent'?
I'm a bit mindful going into an example might push down the rest of the intro, and if so we'd probably want to look for a better or clearer example.

```suggestion
The accessible autocomplete is a component that helps users choose answers from a list you provide. You can also use it to make the answers you get from users more consistent.
```

Author: Looks good to me. What do you think, @edwardhorsford and @36degrees?

> Do not use the accessible autocomplete for services where users have to provide their country or territory.

Reviewer 3: Just checking, what would we say if a service team needed to use a custom country/territory list?

Would we tell them adapt the 'country and territory autocomplete' or is 'accessible autocomplete' somehow better for customising?

Reviewer: @calvin-lau-sig7 when you use the `country and territory autocomplete` you can provide your own list of countries.

Alternatively (what my team has done) a team could use the default list, but filter out ones they don't want.

Reviewer 3: Thanks @edwardhorsford, that makes things clear, cheers!

> Do not use the accessible autocomplete for services where users have to provide their country or territory.

Reviewer 2: 'Do not use' feels a little over the top here. There might be valid reasons why the country and territory autocomplete doesn't meet a users needs, like the fact it relies on jQuery.

How about…

> If you're asking users to provide their country or territory, the [govuk-country-and-territory-autocomplete](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-country-and-territory-autocomplete/blob/main/README.md) may be more appropriate.

Reviewer 3: Ahh okay great, @EoinShaughnessy and I tried to see if there were other reasons but did not come up with anything.

Author: Looks great, thanks both 👍🏻

> To find information about the autocomplete for choosing country and territory, go to the [govuk-country-and-territory README](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-country-and-territory-autocomplete/blob/main/README.md).

Author: Yup! Will do, thanks.

# Accessible autocomplete

> The accessible autocomplete is a component that predicts the rest of a word or string a user is typing.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this. It's not just about predicting what they're typing - it's about helping guide users to an answer.

It helps offer suggestions / let users pick from a set of known options. With synonyms it helps find the right answer even when the user uses a different name - that's not the same as predicting what they're typing.

Reviewer: It's also about helping standardise responses where people might use different spellings or phrases for the same thing.

Author: Thanks @edwardhorsford - your suggestions look good. I'm going to combine them with some other changes I want to make (which it would also be great to get your feedback about).

Reviewer: @EoinShaughnessy not remotely meant as suggested text! very little thought went in to it ;)

> Do not use the accessible autocomplete for services where users have to declare their country or territory.

Author: Not sure 'declare' is the right verb, but I thought 'select' might be inaccurate because some users could type out the word in full. Also didn't want to write 'state' in case anyone reads it as a noun and not a verb, or gets confused by seeing 'state' and 'country' in the same sentence...

Reviewer: Provide?

[Try out the examples!](https://alphagov.github.io/accessible-autocomplete/examples/)

---

## Support

The GOV.UK Design System team maintains the accessible autocomplete as a standalone component. However, we’re only able to put in minimal work to support it.

> [Read about our plans to maintain this component](LINK-TO-PINNED-RESEARCH-ISSUE).

Author: ```suggestion
[Read about our plans to maintain this component](https://github.com/alphagov/accessible-autocomplete/issues/532).
```

> [Read more about the types of support we can provide](LINK-TO-PINNED-SUPPORT-ISSUE).

Author: ```suggestion
[Read more about the types of support we can provide](https://github.com/alphagov/accessible-autocomplete/issues/430).
```

[Try out the examples!](https://alphagov.github.io/accessible-autocomplete/examples/)

---

## Support

> The GOV.UK Design System team maintains the accessible autocomplete as a standalone component. However, we’re only able to put in minimal work to maintain and support it.

Reviewer 3: We're waiting for broader feedback from the team, however with this wording you might be able to avoid repeating "maintain":

```suggestion
The GOV.UK Design System team maintains the accessible autocomplete as a standalone component. However, we’re only able to put in minimal work to support it.
```

Author: Thanks! Will make the same change in the PR for the country-picker README.

> [Read about our plans to maintain this component.](LINK-TO-PINNED-RESEARCH-ISSUE)

Author: ```suggestion
[Read about our plans to maintain this component](LINK-TO-PINNED-RESEARCH-ISSUE).
```

> [Read about our plans to maintain this component.](LINK-TO-PINNED-RESEARCH-ISSUE)

Author: ```suggestion
[Read about our plans to maintain this component](LINK-TO-PINNED-RESEARCH-ISSUE).
```

We provide support for:

- accessibility issues that block usage
- security issues
- broken functionality that blocks usage for most users
- dependency updates to keep tests working so we can make changes safely
- documentation updates

> [Read more about the types of support we can provide.](LINK-TO-PINNED-SUPPORT-ISSUE)

Author: ```suggestion
[Read more about the types of support we can provide](LINK-TO-PINNED-SUPPORT-ISSUE).
```

> [Read more about the types of support we can provide.](LINK-TO-PINNED-SUPPORT-ISSUE)

Author: ```suggestion
[Read more about the types of support we can provide](LINK-TO-PINNED-SUPPORT-ISSUE).
```

We cannot currently provide support for:

- adding new features
- smaller functionality issues that do not block usage
- issues caused by users customising the accessible autocomplete
- issues with browsers and assistive technologies not mentioned in the [GOV.UK Service Manual](https://www.gov.uk/service-manual/technology/designing-for-different-browsers-and-devices)

> - complex issues with React

Reviewer 2: Not 100% sure about the use of 'provide support' here – possibly it implies we can only help users to fix these things, rather than fixing them ourselves? It reads slightly oddly to me – but if others are happy with it then feel free to ignore.

Author: @36degrees Would it clear up things up at all if we wrote "We support" and "We cannot currently support" instead?

Author: Just commenting to flag that this comment thread isn't outdated and we still need to decide on wording.

Reviewer 2: Not sure it changes much TBH. I still can't articulate what's bugging me about it, so happy to be ignored on this one! 🙂

Author: Fair enough!
